docs: 📚 Aprovides more details on the regex (#193)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: specification/sigma-appendix-modifiers.md

#### Regular Expression

- `re`: Value is handled as a regular expression by backends.

The value can be:

- a single regex string
- a list of regex string

> Regex is case-sensitive and match a substring. Use `^regex$` to match the full string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regexes are matched case-sensitive and match a substring (matches as 'contains'). Use `^regex$` to match the full string (matching as 'equal').
```

- The supported flavor is PCRE with the following metacharacters:

  - Wildcards: `.`.
  - Anchors: `^`, `$`.
  - Quantifiers: `*`, `+`, `?`, `{n,m}`.

>   - Character Classes: [a-z], [^a-z].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Character Classes: [a-z], [^a-z].
  - Common Tokens: `\d`, `\b`, `\s`, `\S`, `\w` and `\W`
```
we regular make use of these shorthands. If we forbid anything else below, we need to list them here. Do we want to list more? `\D` and `\B` for symmetry?

Author: Can be add later if needed.

Reviewer: Even if never used I would add always the full pair so that it is less confusing for users. The only reason not to do it imo would be if it would cause issues on the implementation side of things.

  - Alternation: `|`.

>   - Grouping: `()`.

Reviewer: inline modifiers `(?i)` and `(?-i)` for case sensitivity? (no longer needed, ofc; but forbidden?)

Author: Now we have the `sub-modifiers` for insensitive, we can remove all the `(?i)` and `(?-i)` .

Reviewer: but disallowing the inline case modifiers is a breaking change and I would say that cannot happen in a minor release. We can only "mark" it for deprecation.

Author: add a warning below

Reviewer 2: For the whole string the corresponding modifiers should be used which normally emit these, but the backend is free to do something different.
